>> Speaker 1: And there's a few questions
going back around the use of the key.
I guess there's some confusion around
if you don't use the index how does
that,
>> Speaker 1: The index of
an array versus an ID?
I know you kinda covered it.
>> Brian Holt: Sure, no,
I can kind of diagram it out.
So if I have,
>> Brian Holt: id 0 and name
Brian,
>> Brian Holt: Let's do one more.
So I have, one, two, and three.
And we have Marc and
we have Tanner and we have Jon.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
Sam rendering these out
to a map and I have names.map and
its objects and index.
>> Brian Holt: And then that returns to
an h3 with key=index and
object.name.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so picture for
a moment this is names, right?
Names equals, oops.
Don't do that.
>> Brian Holt: So
right now I'm sorting based on id, right?
That's what the array is sorted by.
Let's say I allowed the user to sort by
name eventually, so if I haven't sort by
name, then really the only thing that
happens is John gets to go up here, right?
So now the ids are out of order.
So I guess right now this
is going to be output to
>> Brian Holt: Brian, Marc, Tanner, Jon,
so by id, it looks like that, right?
So this is going to be the first element,
the second element, the third element, and
the fourth element.
If then I sort by name,
it's going to be Brian,
>> Brian Holt: Jon, Marc, Tanner, right?
So that's what it's gonna look like.
So if my key is indexed, right?
It's going to be comparing the previous
zeroth element to the next zeroeth
element.
So this one's not gonna change,
so it's gonna leave Brian alone.
But Marc and
Jon are both the first index, right?
So it's going to assume that those
things stayed the same because it's
gonna say index1=index1, right?
And it's not true, right?
They changed, right?
So the index is not an accurate indicator
of what has changed and what's not.
So the key here is that it needs
to be tied to the object, right?
The index is not tied to the object, cuz
the object can move anywhere throughout
that array depending on how we sort it,
right?
But if we're tying it to the id,
the id travels with that
particular object, right?
So if Brian's here or if Jon's here or
if Jon's here, right?
His id is always going to be the same,
right?
So then when React compares
those against each other,
it's gonna say this
object moved over here.
I'm gonna take this entire DOM tree and
move it over here, right?
So that's how I was able to
carry these throughout, right?
>> Speaker 1: Is there any reason
to use key within the component?
>> Brian Holt: You actually can't, right?
So React is actually going
to hide key from you.
So in this particular case with ShowCard.
If we went and looked at the props,
key is not passed through.
Key is just through React.
And that's the only special property.
>> Brian Holt: So no, please don't.
>> Speaker 1: Some questions
with the style components.
>> Brian Holt: Sure.
>> Speaker 1: And I'm not sure if you
answered these but how does it work for
output devices in responsive design,
like immediate queries?
>> Brian Holt: So
you can do all sorts of fancy stuff
within the, so like I can say,
>> Brian Holt: This stuff that works
within LESS and SASS, this all works
within style components as well.
So add media
myBreakPoint,
>> Brian Holt: All that stuff works so,
stuff that you would typically
expect within SASS and LESS for
the most part just kind of
work within styles components.
And you can use the end selector as well,
which is really nice.
>> Speaker 1: What if multiple components
use the same css with slight variation.
Is the css repeated several times.
>> Brian Holt: That's kind of up to you,
sometimes it is good idea to repeat it.
There is a way to share that css.
I want to say there's like
a style that extends.
You'd have to look at the documentation.
But to suffice to say,
there is a way to mix it in more CSS.
If you have a standard
button that you want to use.
One you can just make
a button in another file and
export it and
then extend it inside of the file.
There are a couple ways to solve that
issue that style components takes care of.
I don't remember off the top of my head or
else I'd show you.
>> Speaker 1: Have you or do you recommend
using style components in production?
>> Brian Holt: The answer to that question
is it depends on what you're doing.
If you are in a highly
performance sensitive area
That the actual milliseconds makes a
difference, something you wanna consider.
>> Speaker 1: You're just saying that the
job descriptor has the props the styles.
>> Brian Holt: It's got a props,
it's got to be so with CSS right,
you typically ship all the CSS in
the head, and then you pass the body, and
then you pass the JS, right
>> Brian Holt: If
you're not gonna do server-side rendering,
you have to wait for
the body to be loaded, then you have
to wait for the JS to be parsed.
Then you have to wait for
the CSS to be put onto the page,
before a style search showing up.
So you have a big chance for
flashes of un-styled content, and
There's all sorts of problematic things.
There's also a runtime penalty for
styles components, right?
It's not free, right?
There's a styles component library
working in the background.
>> Speaker 1: But as we said,
webpack will eventually be able
to pre-compile this stuff.
>> Brian Holt: Hopefully,
hopefully eventually, right?
>> Speaker 1: It's better
than the stylesheet.
I mean ideally And especially if this
is the way of the future kind of thing.
>> Brian Holt: For sure, and with server
side rendering, which I'll show you
probably on the third day,
it'll pre render out that style tag for
you, right, because it's gonna server
side render all that stuff for you.
And so that style tag will be
sent down with all the CSS.
So you'll get all that stuff for free.
So it's still pretty fast.
Max, the guy that wrote it,
he has a couple big websites in
production that are using it.
>> Speaker 1: Can style components
be used to target semantic
elements instead of a div?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, sure.
I mean this could be an article, right?
Or a section.
>> Speaker 1: If each
page had an h1 style,
would you repeating
the lining in every page?
>> Brian Holt: No, no it's smart enough
to pull that out into a single class.
>> Speaker 1: Are the class names
generated always random Characters?
>> Brian Holt: The answer to that
question is it's a hash, I'm pretty sure.
So given these set of CSS properties,
this hashes to this class name, and
that's how they generate the class name.
That was my understanding anyway.
>> Speaker 1: Which has precendence,
the class on the styled component, or
the component Define styles.
>> Brian Holt: It's just the normal
CSS cascade, whatever that amounts to.
I guess the sum of my story here was
styles components, it's worth exploring,
it's worth for you to try and
understand what's going on.
There is still pretty we are still kind
of like messing around with these ideas.
And some people are less
thrilled than others about it.
I totally accept that opinion
if you're not into it, but
I think it's innovation worth exploring.
>> Speaker 3: So, one of the ways that
we've used TSS within the react contacts
is, like you've shown you have
the TSS file within the components,
and then you port it, is that?
Reasonable?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Still good.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, [COUGH],
I would say that one's,
I don't think anyone's questioned
the safety of doing that.
That's totally
a production-ready strategy.
I'm really hesitant to say, yes, go
forward with styles-components right now,
as much as I think the library's amazing.
I say, judge for yourself, that's what
I wanna say about styles-components.
There's Tradeoffs to be made there.
And there are reasons to, right?
I think this is a big productivity win to
have it all there in one place for you.
So you need to balance developer
experience versus runtime complexity.